[Music]
Okay good night What's up How are we
How are we family Well
look they made me work
today today I wasn't thinking of showing up
here but when I woke up it
turns out I had a call from Delox and he felt
like stopping by so I
said come on Okay so let's
schedule a live stream for tonight
and we'll chat about everything we have pending
So nothing I've already sent him the
link and it'll be about to be here
you guys how are you how are you I
see you over
there a little impatient you were looking
forward to the live stream Look Delox is over here let's see what he says what's up am Don let's
see what's up churra I'm going to look for your channel the salsería
damn host V what an ugly face I appear in the thumbnail look how ugly I am eh but you've given me a terrifying one no if you want we can scold him in a moment I think it's a one it's the face he had or in the Nimu podcast or in the Nimu Dallas debate that day I was going I'm going to go I'm going I'm going I'm going to go I'm going to look for your channel the salsería damn host V what an ugly face I appear in the thumbnail look how
ugly I am eh but you've given me a
terrifying one no if you want we can scold him
in a moment I think it's a one it's the
face he had or in the Nimu podcast or
in the Nimu Dallas debate that
day I was going I'm going to go
I'm going ...  I've seen it I have
n't looked at it yet you're not missing
anything Now I'll look at it I'm going to adjust I'm going to go
a little bit What's up son today I
felt like partying no Uf You know
what's up eh I'm going to start doing I'm going to
start doing chat shows this year 2024
but of course to comment on the rigan I'm already
late so I said I have to
spill the beans you what was this
[ __ ] what was this What did you think you did
n't like the r a
crazy Nuño besides it's so much it's so
bad that it seemed to me that I made
the shopping list there I'll take it out for you I come
prepared I come I come prepared I come prepared let's
see I have taken and I have
prepared a compilation of some
opinions I'm missing one that I had to
include which was Ari Gameplays if you
like yes I saw that on the
Dean
Edan channel okay here I have it if you like we
take a look at the opinions that
the creators have had while
people come in and then we get
into the subject okay I think it's great
perfect let's see well I was looking forward to it  of
having you around here eh [ __ ] I know you
know what's up you know what's up your
image has gotten blurry you know on
the camera there put your hand there so it
catches you like that eh and they say that you
sound a little bad I can hear you
well I don't expect that a priori I have the
Shure and everything
configured well let's see what happened to you they don't
want to see you now now you will have to
put on the pink hat because
the Cowboy one is missing eh I was going to
tell you that it seems to me a little that your
community sometimes thinks I know you
know like I avoid live shows friends I've
been traveling I've been recording
podcasts I'm literally sleeping as much as I
can so obviously I don't have
been I'm at full capacity I'm not having I'm
not having time so you can get an
idea this week I think I've
had to splice two days Hey, she's
crazy, it's not like she knows anything about her
friends no no no that's your stuff eh we're
already starting it's just that he always comes to me
on WhatsApp he comes to me on WhatsApp
This crazy one and he tells me he tells me  he tells me let's
see when I don't know what I'm saying relax nipples
man I know that javil crab likes to
party he likes to party but no no Today the
party is going to be taken by someone else and I'm
telling you that he has a first and last name that is
Alex cool he's going to take it he's going to
take it well eh No no he's
totally getting it he's getting it all the time
and I don't know if you're going to give him more or less
Ah I think that I'm going to give him what
nobody has given him and no yesterday I went to see
you would rate the rewind as [ __ ]
because I said [ __ ] come on let's
be fair okay for me it's a
10 or 11 video I mean it's incredible at an
audiovisual production level I mean I mean
the work behind it we shouldn't
underestimate it there's a super
professional team now as a rewind it
seems a minus cu like rwi and I'll give you
an example that I put this before
with my friends we were commenting on it
too and I told them wow this is like
if you go to a vegan restaurant and they serve you
in a  entrecote that is incredibly
good but I've gone to a
vegan restaurant No no I didn't come looking for an
entrecote because Alex cool I had to give you
a rewind of the memes the controversies the
gossip everything that had happened that
in fact I've been watching
your last live shows when I was working he would
put them on a little bit in the background and I would even reminisce a
little even one that was eliminated and
those were the good ones that was from greev
180 this one told the other Dallas I don't
know how many wismichu Dallas appeared in the
rewinds nowadays Dallas you're not going to see him
in an rwi or in anything He only showed him in
one which is the one that was
eliminated the first one he does he does
like a heo is
2017 in 2017 he does a rewind which is eh
rewind of the controversy Of course because you can see
and apart from that Ren is exclusively about
gossip exclusively about gossip Of course that
's what happens he's a fan of gref
so he goes to Mel's ass to gref to
Saco you realize all the
r the god  Of the youtubers, the
protagonist is worth the one who has the plot
and everything else is things around
gre, yes it is true that not the one from
2018, the one from 2018 is with his
colleagues making reference to the controversy
but it is him with his colleagues who it is true
that he asks gre like the beginning
imitating willm but in 2019 he is
the most handsome and then each one has gotten
worse a little worse each
one I think it has gotten worse in terms of
creativity how they spin the songs the
memes the jokes and it has gotten better in
terms of quality and there I have a
theory that I want to share there is a
theory it is the first thing I want to put
on the table that I think there is no one who
is doing it or
saying it I have not heard it from anyone
So I want to share it because it
is something that is too obvious and that
personally bothers me in the first
place you know how much it is worth to feature
Rubius in a video or record with Willy Rex or
record with Vegeta if they are not your friends, that
is to say, if you really want to
collaborate as a brand,  I don't know but I
understand that more than 50,000 or 100,000, that is
to say, they must be outrageous, that is to say, they are
very expensive campaigns, okay? Obviously if it's
a cameo, maybe better for 100,000 or
20,000, they do it for you. I don't know, but they have to
mobilize, record, give their
image rights, what do you put in
sponsors? I understand that there it is
more expensive. What happens in this rewind?
We have for the first time in history
Takis, Revolut, and I don't know if any
other brand. What happens? I don't know what they have
stopped. I would say Guilab, also Uncle
Gu, it could be, it could be, although
there too it has been a lot of meme, so
there it could be that the Johnny
Walkers theme is more of a meme than anything else. But it
has come out too much, so it
could also be that they have taken advantage of the
synergy to say, I'll give you more minutes
than you are entitled to and you pay me
something. Not what happens, of course. I don't know what they
have paid. What I do know is what,
for example, the well paid, which is the only
brand that I know what it has paid.  for
example for when he participated in the
second evening
okay And I can't say
but I don't think so because they gave it to me
privately it's not public you know but I
can tell you that it's between 200,000 you
know who told you Well I'm going to
tell you that it's between 200,000 and 400,000
okay okay
So what number is in between no So what
happens is that that brand didn't have much
representation for example in
the 2s verada then Obviously the rwi
is not the 2s evening but the rwi remains
for all posterity the evening is
only for a moment and it can have
many spectators but at the end of the
day the r I think that today it can be considered
a significant event I don't
know if to compete one on one with the
evening but it does have a lot of
impact to the point that it even sets
rules of how much time they can or cannot
react to the content which seems
abysmal to me it's like and if I want to
react right when you release the video
because I can't I do it because I get the
balls you know I do it But it's that let's see the
rules are set by YouTube, it doesn't set them
Alex Morón, there are certain rules that you
say, well, let's see what I tell you, I mean, one
thing is that, imagine, I don't know if he
put it on premiere because I arrived like an
hour or two late
yesterday, but man, if he puts it on
premiere and you go live at the
same time while he is debuting, then it
is a bit disrespectful to the
work of others and to be very cheeky,
but man, at the hour or 2 hours
that he trained it, he asked you for an
hour. I think he asked for an hour, it
's not much, eh, an hour of difference and I don't
know what stories. But well,
imagine that I met up with my friends
for an hour on Twitch, it doesn't seem like it
was on YouTube. I don't know, it's like I was
n't going to react either. I don't know, I mean, I know
that he wasn't asking for a long time either,
but but it seems strange to me that he
sets some rules when there are already some
rules that are from YouTube, which is that I
can react to whatever the hell comes out of my
balls as long as it adds value. I
mean, no, there's no more, what's happening, going back
to the subject of  brands that is a topic that I
think is super important for
people to keep in mind Pole that they have
given him approximately I calculate that
minimum minimum they have given him 250 500k
minimum I mean it would seem to me that he has
negotiated very badly if they have given him less
than 250 500k for the rewind how much is what they have
done yes no in total I say in
total I am going to go with the total between
the two or three brands that there are that
brand is worth That that Takis promo
is crazy of course it is crazy that maybe they
have fallen that maybe they have
fallen a million you don't know but
but let's suppose let's go a
TV program already I mean you stop save me
to say eat takis eat takis the
best make yourself comfortable enjoy the gossip
Eating here I mean you stop a save a
program heo that has a million and a half
viewers live we are
talking about a video that is going to have 10
or 15 million no and also we have to take
into account that there are several moments when
the takis come out  not directly,
for example, a guy who recorded with
ibai eating takis when he is with
js fitness in the cafeteria, there are
more moments where revolut appears for
example. I did like the promo a lot more.
Why? Because it is just when
miso is with the gloves, they leave them
still, they put on a show for you but they
are holding the revolut logo on
a black glove and the white logo,
so it is better incorporated there.
I think it is good, that is how I think they
should be done, of course, you have to
know what revolut is to
realize that this is a promo, eh.
Maybe what I am saying sounds a bit silly,
but it is like that. I mean, there are people who
see revolu on the gloves and say, well, no,
and they don't even look at the gloves, but one thing is for
you to put revol on the gloves or
on a t-shirt or something like that, and for the
video to stop and say, the robot, eat
Taki, make yourself comfortable and eat there, now yes or yes, you
know that Taki is a product that is
eaten, that is a snip and that you have to
buy it, I mean, it is true that
Revolut is much more hidden Although there
is a moment when they pay the bill for the
croissant with jam they pay with
Revolut Okay, so there it is understood
that it is something about payments anyway yes it
is true that in that case I saw it
well What happens is that I understand that that one
Maybe he has put in to get out
100,000 50,000 well you look for two or three
of these that don't bother much and that's it
and you finance it we have seen how much
the first rewine cost less than 10,000
and then suddenly it climbed to be worth
1550,000 one and this one will have cost
300,000 or whatever and there you go
people believe that the business is the
rewind in the first place I don't know if
the content creators are aware
that the company that appears right at the
beginning after their name and right at the
beginning in the credits after their
name and then back to their name with
the partner like Alex is cool appears
five or six times is their name
literally in the rwi and that
unnecessary prominence is given plus that of his
company That is the real business
that the rewind comes out as cheap as
possible or even with benefits is a is let's
go it is a benefit that he
takes as an extra, I mean Imagine that you
could give that too but
imagine that he lost 100,000
with the rewind I would lose them
delighted you know what it is to say Look
how I just got the ship
collaborating with all these and the
tremendous audiovisual work that I have done and
suddenly that then throughout the year
brands come to you wanting to work
with you because there's another one you know that
he doesn't edit [ __ ] of the rewind he doesn't
edit it he hasn't delegated everything he
alone directs what he directs a company of
course because there are c people in charge I
mean so that people understand Alex
cool I've already said it but well Today we
start from scratch because we are here
with del and we are going to talk very calmly
okay eh Alex cool in his day no at the
beginning no when he was a kid  Well, I would
n't be with the studios or whatever,
but as of, I would say, 2019, 2020, Alex
molón has an audiovisual company,
a production company, that is, Alex molón, they
call it a company, big brands, big brands, I don't
know if Heineken was one of them, there are
big brands that hire the
d molón company to make the ads that
you see on television, for
example, on Twitch or
wherever, ads, okay, he has a production company
with this,
uh, they have given him an incredible promo
every year and as delox says, it's no longer
what he earns in the ru, which he also earns.
Now if you want, we can calculate, but there
is also a peak that says, no, I don't know
what, not only the money that he gives away,
that he earns with the rewind, but also
his company, his production company, has made a fortune,
and he has gotten very big jobs with
very big brands thanks to this promo
that he has given him, the youtubers have given him.
And there's another one, have you
noticed that in this rwi, it
seemed incredible to me, the
portfolio of the year has been made, have you seen that there were
a lot of scenes with Peña that  they
seemed like npcs that neither you nor
I nor anyone knew who they were because spoiler they
were nothing it's not that they were tiktokers they
were literally nobody in the
jordy Wild scene There are a lot of
action actors from these
dangerous scenes that are Pepito so-and-so and
so-and-so you know why these people are
Martian when the alien comes out in the
back I was left thinking I say
Well well not to be tiktok because the logical thing is
I think they are Random a Random 2 and with
the Barbie and the Ken thing the same in the
kens there are two or three that I don't know who they are
but there I think they may
be tiktokers that I don't know because
others that I did know were tiktokers and I
located them not that Pablo G was there there
was peter and company but for
example in the ones where they played Barbies there was
the did ribot couple there was a
girl that you said had hit you
that I don't know who she is but that I can
locate and Elisa may be not something like that eh
then there was cristinini playing
Barbie who My question is in what has been
relevant this year  cristinini to be
in r I ask eh I ask I mean I don't know eh
Yuna No, this one has been
relevant now that I don't know my theory
Juna is with Greev
or I ask I talked about this today with a friend dude
just today I talked to that Because yes
because they were [ __ ] me for liking
Juna's photos and I say yes I don't
dislike the girl she hasn't done me any harm I do
n't know her personally but
well I like her like I give
you for example all all the
Instagram posts
automatically the like aas every time they
give me a twt it's automatically like there are
people that I'm carrying Pin Pin
Pin and I like it or not but it's like well let's
see that comes from my mother that
sends to NF's account what she has to
tweet to throw [ __ ] at me no eh to
form her story And then
a friend wrote to me and said dude You
know she's with Gref he tells me
and I say
yeah you I suspect but confirm it
no Well you know what's weird the weird thing is that
I know I didn't know  if they were or not I'm not
sure you know why because and
and this that I say because it's something that is
public but it's a small committee like not
everyone knows because it hasn't been
echoed much but it's public like
I'm not revealing anything gref until
recently if it's that today he is not still with
that person he had a partner who is another
content creator but she is very
small not in sports that is Okay
then of
course you know So I thought that
was his girlfriend let's see if they have had something no
that it has been rumored a lot no Eh I've
always thought that he would have
liked her from the
beginning gref is a rascal of course he would have
liked her man and she is
very pretty Obviously I mean it's normal it
can be understood No no she is a very
very pretty boy and apart from that
the search has been leaked to him on several occasions
and ass jun But this must be troll this
must be troll this must be that I have
looked for it to troll don't [ __ ] with me to
generate shipo that he has done to but but
I have not seen it as something official I have
always thought that he liked her
she physically no plan
sure she is a girl who brings her and that is why she
has also given him the
lead role Because he has also given him a lot of the lead role It
is true that
they are in the same agency they are from the
same agency so he also tries to
help the agency
When I see few guys from the agency
who are helping each other that much
no and it is that you know what happens I am very
ig the camera another that juna of course I do
one plus one I will tell him about interviewing her
yuna I am curious I do not want to talk
to her to see what is said that by the
way I will tell you later Eh it would be
important today for me because I have
a trip Tomorrow I have to go down to
Barcelona for the family I would
like to finish 12 at night if it
can be ryo an hour and 10 I would stay
okay you are you are let's see if we can
square everything I have to talk to you about
Alec and I have to talk to you about Willy
and anything you want to
ask me there about Al or any
opinions that you said you wanted to
put I say so that it does not get away from us
because we cannot talk and we
throw ourselves until c yes before before  to
continue with what we were talking about
the company okay I can't hear you well there are a
lot of people complaining about the audio it can't be
heard well let's see here it is well I'm
going to turn it up a little here eh you can't
hear me well I can hear you well but
maybe they can hear you twice or I don't know I can
hear you perfectly eh great I
have the volume all the way up here I can
see everything well I mean no I can't say it
sounds good another horrible I don't know I can
hear one let's see I'm going to listen to you for a moment let's
see how
bad What did I refer to
below don't even worry it sounds [ __ ] great
I just
heard it I can hear it well Those are people those are people
who still go around with cer in their ears that
no no no the move is that we're going to
talk about all the controversies But at the
end of the live today delox estimates that at
12 I say that he'll roll and will leave
here at 2 but well no no no that I
have to have a good schedule
that I'm a good person I didn't work you
called me that you were eager  of
marching yes I felt like marching but
we're going to try to do an intense march
intense march of course I couldn't say
no Why Because man because we're going to
drop a major bomb I don't know to
what extent you're going to drop I'm going to give you
Look, I'm going to give you something, I'm going to
drop a bomb before I leave to
leave you guys horny okay I'm already moving
the teaser so that so that we can
premiere it here okay ideally I know that giving
dates is a mistake because well I'm
known because the dates then go
wrong because they don't depend on me they depend on
a lot of factors But well
ideally the podcast with Wily Rex is going to
premiere ideally on
December 27th at 8 at night eh
Spanish time because it's my birthday okay And
I want it to be my gift for the for the let's
say the community so eh
what happens let's see if we get there
because the teaser is going to be top okay And it
's not for men an outrage I think I
think that this podcast eh I'll only say one
thing I'll only say one thing and then I'll say
a little bit more I think this podcast is going to
be more viral than the one  micke crack
me V no no no J Mike's eh you know
Mike's right now has the best
performance of all the content I
've uploaded to the channel he just surpassed
the Dallas debate nimu in very cool
man I don't know if I told you anything I didn't tell you
anything because you were lost in Argentina
and all But eh I knew that kid
was a machine but I didn't expect him to
be so based eh of course he is the
perfect example of when someone doesn't
depend on being in the wheel of being
put into things to do their own
thing and be free well guess another guess
another who doesn't depend on that and who is
seen now that he is Willy well it is
known No you already Yes yes it is known I will tell you I will
tell you So that on the
one hand goes up to his story eh this
week also the gossip of
kids December is very is very stopped
the truth is that this December has
been one of those in which I am going to earn the least money
because it is eh at a standstill
always says no December December and
all the machinery No There are all the
youtubers releasing videos every day no  Well,
this December has been very
weak because it's also true that
we depend a lot on the topics,
so this, this, This interview that he
did with Willy, eh, is going to move everything, it's going to
be January Because if you're going to publish it on the
27th, it's going to be January, not
December 27th. The idea is to have the podcast
uploaded. So, the teaser,
I would like the teaser on the 26th because on the 20th, or
so, 24, 25, 26, I have commitments, but on the
26th, I think I have it for a meal or
something like that, then I'll upload Andorra, so the
26th at night, my idea would be to show you
the teaser, make it public for
everyone after the live show, and from there, the 27th
would be my premiere. My idea. Those are the
timings that I've set for the team to
see if it works out or not, or the 28th, no less
than 24 hours between the teaser and the premiere, that's
what there is. Because
you know what happens, in the
podcast itself, I tell Willy. Well, then, Eh, I
think this will be uploaded on the day.
27 which is my birthday and he congratulates me
then I think it's nice that
the day coincides with Willy's congratulations
you know So if not then it will be the 28th and
if not the 29th or if not the 30th but or so
ideally 27 28 if all goes well then
guys one today today I don't know I don't know what he'll
comment when we finish the live I'm
going to give you I'm going to give you a candy
Okay caramido but don't pass it to you because
of course I know I'm not going to give you any
candy I'm going to give you the biggest I mean
the biggest I'm not going to tell you okay okay
But it may or may not be related
to what I'm going to tell you okay why
But I can tell you he's talking about gref I
can tell you in advance that Obviously I've asked him about
gref I've asked him about
nfts I've asked him about things like this
That obviously everyone knows that I was
going to ask him I'm not going to tell you what
he answered or what questions I
asked him and you'll see some in the
teaser and there are a couple in the teaser that are
going to drop the hos to the floor  also I'm
going to bring the teaser here because I want to
see Javi's reaction without him having
seen it 100% honestly because obviously it's going to
be very difficult to surpass the reaction
when you see that I say that Dallas comes in
because Obviously I'm not going to do a
queentre gref I'm sorry if that's it no no it's not
the case okay But yes, he's going to be there I
think that Uf it's going to be powerful it's going to be
very very powerful Alec topic do you
want to touch on some reaction that you
wanted to put before to see op
reactions But anyway, finishing the topic
for the company not Alex's company eh
basically Alex is cool he has a company
and I think I think that the youtubers
really haven't realized how much of an
[ __ ] they've been for the
grace of no this is from the community
this is from the community what the [ __ ] this is
from the community dude I mean at what point
what the [ __ ] did someone baptize this as
someone something from the community better than
YouTube they said no and it's like Look
YouTube at least it wasn't selling you anything that's
the point of course better than
YouTube because YouTube is crap
and nothing else they take  to the plugged in and this
is how we're going to see This is not from the
community this is a cool Alex video
okay it's a video eh In which of course it is
that touch your [ __ ] if I had it here
every night eh And
all the big youtubers would promote me
and they gave me That gift imagine Well
look every night I go here to
the salsería one day Ibai comes another day
Auron comes another day Vegeta comes another
day Willy comes for the [ __ ] through my
channel too 27 million imagine
Imagine that Ricky messes things up and comes here
to tell you What happened to him Another one comes
along and comes here and tells you no like that we
all have millions of followers
and millions of views it's not that it was
given to him It was given to him and on
top of that the guy apart from That gift that he
received that he also sells it to you and
then we're also going to see his tweets
he sells it to you as a favor that he
does to the community on top of that the guy that it was
given to him that all the
big streamers the most famous have
gone  to collaborate with his video and
promote it for free okay, the guy
two years ago had the balls to gref
everyone because he went and tried to do a
new trick with gref in which gref
ended up debuting
this they say yeah I'm going to give a dick to
this guy that I don't like eh No I mean
obviously not because there everyone is going to
say oh you can pay 150 for that I'll
pay you 200 and we're going to make a
bet I mean we're going to have an
auction there to see who gives the most clear it's not
the plan but a Willy is going to tell you that
a dick it's going to be a video for
gref's channel Willy is going to tell you that
sherry your mother is going to go on a bike but
after they try to trick them and they
caught him because they were already recording and
the guys kept quiet they
called me
one of the top youtubers called me
okay And he leaked it to me okay then
another of the top youtubers called me and
leaked it to me too and I gave that exclusive that
exclusive that greev and  Alex
was planning that Ai said something she found
out she got pissed off and said something without
mentioning what or how or when but it was
leaked to me after a while and
I already did a live broadcast that I remember
that day I didn't even have a microphone and it
sounded terrible and I leaked it I told it 10
that exclusive and it was cool
Andorra with Gre they gave the explanations
and basically it was Gre put up the money eh
And and they
were both really involved to
deceive the rest and after that they
continued collaborating and it's like
you guys are jirip, the point the
point Here it's very easy and It's that this is
Look it's a topic of conversation that I
talk about with Willy that I can touch on it's
not that it's the super topic okay
about the podcast and it's the fact that there are a
lot of people who have that
overwhelming need to stay on the wheel of
staying on the I'm going to do well quismo I'm going
to get into series I'm going to tank put
this and that together Because if not they'll go to
[ __ ] then only those Who don't
have a need like Micke crack for
example like Willy like Vegeta like
auron like Rubius say I'm going to do a
little bit of what I want, what happens is that there are
some who, even without having the need due to
an ego to want to maintain numbers or
want to go further, obviously they
have ambition And they know that this is the
formula for success and they apply it So there is
no need to blame too much there,
just understand, I think it is very
easy to be on the side of the spectator and
say No, it's not that you should not do
this or that Look, in the end this is very
easy Imagine that you don't care about anything, the
only thing you want is to be number
one and you know that by doing that you will be
number one, then you shut up or even
put a guy on the other side who if he doesn't do it will
stop being able to live off social media Well,
maybe he shuts up and that's it
when someone has a boss that they don't like
and they have to shut up instead of a party,
okay, instead of a party The rewine at the end
of the year is organized by half a set HM
You think they would go for free without
charging, they wouldn't ask for a lot of money, of course, the
logical thing is not V I go but charging no, but of
course, eh, this guy in such a way, I  I don't
know how he did it, I think that I think it's a
thing that, eh, look, Gref has
a thing and it's that people are very fake
with him, almost all the big guys have come to me,
the day that I leave YouTube I'll
tell you about the conversations with
each and every one of them okay, but almost
all the big guys have come to me to
leak things about Gref for exclusives
Okay, and they put him down and they put him down green
green green and there are a lot of things about
Gref that are not known Well, they come to me, they
tell me things okay, that they can't
see him and that he has well
problems, eh There are people who have
problems
like, you know, some of them won't be
talked about there But there are people who have
problems of not looking at each
other's faces, problems that you say, well,
not like what maybe we have had
here, the no no no problems,
problems of not looking at each other's faces and you
see them collaborating and you see them
destroying each other's house in Minecraft
and of course my
balls drop because I say but If this
guy was here last week and he
had me  an hour on discord being a pain in the ass
to each other and now I'm seeing them
there breaking up La Casita del micraft I
mean it's like millionaire people people who
get paid a fortune who don't have the
[ __ ] need to suck each
other's ass and you see them there and one in the
other's series and another at the other's gala and
another at the other's event it's like but
if you don't have the need and that's what I'm
telling you Here this was said by miike crack
eh they deceive him I mean
ivai Willy the other one on the motorcycle
deceives him gref tries to deceive them and the
cool Alex who in the end is the owner of the
Channel and the one who benefits the most laughs
at everything tries to deceive them behind their
backs and even so They continue collaborating
with him to give him the video today
[ __ ] I think what happened
there was surely and I speak from
ignorance imagine that you
are Willy no And you say I'm not going there
and the rest go of course you see that
everyone goes and you say okay my move is
useless and I'm going  being left out of
an event or an exhibition that
maybe at that moment interests me, well,
come on, I'm going to do the cameo and I
do it so that later they don't say that I didn't
go and that I don't know what a lot of people are due to
pressure this year for example ivai hasn't
been mick crack hasn't been there no
you from Minecraft auron Play
has recorded from the lav like this Hello good
morning what is this man, it has been super
sad In fact I literally have a list
of more than 20 points of relevant things
that have not been there I mean to point out something
easy for example the thing about rickyedit and
Lali It's like that micke crack
overtook Rubius in subscribers total
that I who s for
example well let's not talk about the fact that
nobody is going there, there's still a lot of digging to be done
Rivers is on sale Juan Guarnizo is on and one or two
more that I will never know and there's the debate
of nimu versus Dallas I understand that
maybe they don't want to include it but if you put
animu saying coscu is God and they also
put the tweet they don't even put the coscu
coscu is got Having put or rather you
get the bber puppet you plug it in
there you put it and that's it no there is no
or rather put that not a tweet and
then damn whoever enters Dallas you don't
even need to call me put it if I don't
care steal my content But put it
because that's what gives it continuity
Dallas Should have had a cameo he
did a physical face to face debate it
was the year in which the
first podcast was made okay yes there is
mud for me but damn it is something that is
historic in the last 10 12 years it had never been
done It is the first time that
bber is made also him for example
with the whole issue of
Artificial Intelligence Why doesn't a single bber
appear zilber doesn't
appear nimu doesn't appear Dallas doesn't appear any bber has won the the creator of the year I don't know what stories an American drink you don't put any and you talk about Artificial Intelligence and then as I was saying all those NPCs that appear in the action scenes is
precisely eh I tell you I tell you more and you
go  die you're going to tell me host Of course,
of course, to include a robot of an
Artificial Intelligence, I had to
include
this one, let's see, I
mean, the one from Rubius, I had it, I had it ah, the
most brilliant, funny and attractive
on Twitch, I always have something funny
to say and everyone loves it when I do them
and [ __ ] I'm a good advisor When
someone really needs it So in
summary I'm just [ __ ]
awesome any other questions Jesus
Gamer clo This should have come out
saying the phrase I'm a better streamer
than Comanche Comanche is [ __ ] that
has some really good clips, the
Comanche thing hasn't come out, the Comanche thing hasn't come
out that he made that video that he had a
really bad time that he tried to
take his life etcetera, it hasn't come out
Well but he's a man, let's see, it's a topic,
no, but you could have included the
mention of Comanche with that illa from
Rubius who makes jokes about that and you include a
little bit, it's that they haven't included anything Look
literally, eh, lias, sicora And Jonata they leave it
How come they leave it, they have put an
antler on it  [ __ ] who can't fit through the
door frame How come they dump him
but it was literally a trending topic
for being the cuckold of the year How come they
dumped him I mean no [ __ ] Of course you're
going to dump him if they're unfaithful What the
[ __ ] is that it seems surreal to me because
they're whitewashing a person who has
been unfaithful then eh Ah the thing with Ali
maybe he won't include it because he gets along
with Ricky No of course I want to think But
Ricky For example he congratulated Alec for
the rewind but they didn't
invite him It's not that he told him to his
face that controversial people
no I don't know why Ricky I think he's
been very relevant this year not only
because it's been the year in which he's
exploded the most but also he's had
one of the most trending things which has
been Ricky Lali could have come
out doing for example eh Ricky
responded to this guy's tweet about the
orlock okay that interaction They
could have put in and given Ricky a cameo
because Ricky ends the tweet
saying and I'm telling you because I know what I'm
talking about like saying  They've plugged it
into me, I already see it coming, it's bad.
So I think that's where they could have
put it. They say, no, no, we don't want to put
controversial things in there. I would have put Francoa
calling the bull Ricky. Yes, but,
for example, you don't want to put
controversial things in there and you put Fran Cuesta calling him
[ __ ] or I don't know what he says to the plex. You
don't want controversial things and you put
Coscu's tweet is got and then when you
're talking about the evening you put a frame of
kku talking about cancellations. You don't want
controversial things. Gossip. Yes, you've put
gossip. The thing about the [ __ ] [ __ ] of the [ __ ]
[ __ ] of the guy.
eh. Very top that we put pressure on him
when he came to the podcast, I said let's
insist to Alec to see if he puts it in. In the
end, they put it in. And I'm glad that they put it in. I say
J you put that in and you
can't put in a debate, a mini controversy, it has
been a bit disappointing, eh, I mean,
from here I tell him, I get along well
with him, but I have told him
privately as well.
guy in a in the first
instance one of these mornings dawned
that he wakes up putting twi that they then
delete and he took And put green Alex
cool fed up with these people I don't know what I do
n't know how much I'm going to tell him everything I
say come on let's do it we open directly you
tell it all yes yes I'm not going to shut up
at one Javi I'm not going to shut up at one and he
came here like a lamb okay like no
no but the rwin is very well I've already
spoken with alen I don't know what I mean eh the
guy in the morning was super turned on he was
going to tell everything everything that's
behind that he won't shut up that they
treated him very badly as soon as he recorded the
rewind they had him I don't know how many
hours in I don't know where for 3 seconds I don't
know how much a lot of [ __ ] from the
elite to release and already he would stop him or
whatever someone would hit him and
in the afternoon in the end he came here H like
a lamb touches already and such okay with
Jordi the same Jordi humiliated him Jordi
said that  I would have hit a lot and I do
n't know what if I don't know how much and there
you have it with Jordi again hanging his
head you know like let's see, I, what I
knew with him when I recorded
all this with him because I
also informed myself and saw your interview with him
and I told him dude don't pull an
oliveira on me Look don't tell me you're not going to sing to me he got
a little bit cold maybe I had to
stick my tongue out at him because otherwise he'll tone it
down but I think that dude is a
good guy I mean I think he has a
very good heart he's a guy that you can tell
knows he's made mistakes in his
life and that he's improving but sometimes
that happens to him just like sometimes he
can get a little carried away with the drink he
can get carried away with his mouth suddenly he gets
really heated and says I'm going to relax
I'm going to relax because I'm still going to mess things up you
know and I think that in the end it
plays against him because it would be
much easier for him not to get
heated or if he does he just
say it I mean I don't know honestly I
seen the rigu I said I want to go with
Javi Because I haven't been back in a while I'm
planning on going and I say I'm going to be
happy because I don't have the op
last week in fact do you remember yes I
told you no that I was going to come but I saw the
opportunity that both
things are coming together and I said Now yes there I see her I see her
Clara and wow Martín Martín today
I remembered you Martín
eh And where and I was telling him I don't
remember who I asked Martín
that I say Oh where do I have to follow the
boy from the other day that I don't know how I don't
know how to find him on the networks
there I'll look for you Martín catalog a kiss
handsome
eh And nothing topic topic no no don't
worry Eh topic of how is eh what is
this chick's name What is that I think that like
many well they see that the
easy way Maybe it's trying to get along that
again I wish everyone
could get along unfortunately
they're all [ __ ] fake and they all butt in
behind the scenes and
the m that you try to behave well with
someone you  you have four stabs, that is to
say. So I think that the best thing is
for you to be honest, if you
like someone, you say it. If you don't like someone, you
say it. For example, Rico, and now
that they've put the van on him, he's spoken very
clearly, when another one passes him by, he speaks very
clearly. And I think that is the key.
So if you speak clearly, in the end
people will like you or they will dislike you,
but because of who you are, what you think,
and what you stand for, not because of what you don't. Because there are
many people, we've
seen this, for example, now Ivai and de Gref
at the New Year's Eve together, buah, but I just found
out. But who
is it that IV has hired Juste for his
podcast for his what for his podcast that
stops me. Chatting
calmly, I don't understand, let's see, from
what I understand, eh. Because they
sent me a tweet: I have
hired I
understand that it will be that in this
Coin thing, he will not release a podcast or he will release something and
the one from Claro has it, he will have said, eh, this
Just, this one is annoying me every day  Well, so he
stops
bothering me, I'll put him inside my
company and he's going to eat my ass They
get along badly juste and IB the juste is
constantly giving exclusives that he almost
never gets one right okay about coi throwing
[ __ ] coi throwing [ __ ] IB and he's
fried you're fried IB And then today they
sent me a tit I don't know if it's
true I haven't checked it yet
because I wasn't working today but today
they sent me a tweet that said e and go
hire the juste for his posca of course
So I understand that it will be that Iran
makes a podcast like the Wild
project and he has and said Who do I
hire this one I think it's for the
Chatting calmly because I IB
said that he was going to continue with the Chatting
calmly in 2024 he uploaded now an
episode with Aitana that
unfortunately hasn't worked very
well but but that's it Look instead of the
salsería a la
falser I love it I think it's Sublime but
but that's it I think what
happens is that Ivain doesn't get to do everything and he
will have projects that  you've seen that
podcasts are trending now he said
damn I have a podcast with a million
subscribers I'm going to see if I can revive it no
eh ivay if you put Just interview
famous people spoiler it's going to eat
[ __ ] it doesn't matter
pu and get in if you want also what's
this guy's name
Rio put r If you want already to finish
seasoning that shitty podcast it's going to
stay I think we talked about it no because
r throws [ __ ] at you I mean I
well And it's even less at least it
's less of an error
than Rob I'll clarify one thing for you eh before
continuing I don't dislike Juste I don't
dislike him I like Flow I
like Flow but I also tell you that I
don't consume it much but a couple of
years ago when I watched it in the mornings I
liked Flow I don't know how it has
worked let's say its content the
last few years because I haven't seen it for like a year and a
half but even what I've
seen I liked it reported
etcetera I looked at it for the
esports part Of course in the rest of the topics I don't
know what  opinion he has I do
n't know No, I don't know about the rest of the topics,
but I don't, I don't, I haven't seen some
Stream like this because we have taken and
commented on the news, some things about him,
no, and it's like, Ugh, it puts me off a
little bit, okay. Well, let's see the
opinions. Go ahead, shoot, let's see,
Doctor, we can have different opinions about the
Hispanic Ruan, but that the
explosion of the Titan submarine in which
people died is parodied. We agree that it
is grotesque and morbid, okay, it's true, I
mean, really, it is
unfortunate. I do not agree with
this, no, no, because it seems to me that it would be
bad if they put a scene of people
dying or the submarine exploding without a
humorous context to
justify it, but first of all, people who have
known Alex for a long time
know that he did a lot of black humor, I
love black humor, so if it's
well done, I can accept it and even
I in this scene I admit that I laughed, it
is one of the ones that I liked because
because Agustín appears speaking in Catalan,
smashing the controller towards the ground
because Agustín is  known for breaking
controls If not if not it is the most viewed video
on his channel it is the second most
viewed video on his channel it is when he broke a
controller then they do that touch of
humor and then is axter comes out which is another one
that screams a lot in the LoL
telling him but this is not the controller
Why Because in the submarine it was said
that the controller they had It was that
controller there no So it seems to me that it
is very well spun I mean it seems to me that
there they have done it well Now
if you say We do not want to be
controversial and we do not include Dallas do not include
the submarine with dead people We
agree or rather we are going to calibrate there yes
then I would tell him I would tell him that about
Dallas no let's see this rne is controversial I
mean it's not that they do not want to create
controversy they do not want to create who to create
controversies are interesting it's something else Of course they do
not want to include let's see Dallas there is one
thing with Dallas okay almost everyone
sees it and almost everyone finds out man there
are many of the controversies I do not know if
you know but the c God That comes out here
in Javier
canijo I bring that out I don't know if I bring it out
first in an extract from Javier canijo
or I bring it out in a video of the main one but the
Cos Go thing comes from here then there's a
moment when dasas tells me I'm going to
make a video on nimo I don't know what and I
send him some things and among other
things I think I sent him That deu Go I say
Look, well I support ccu ta ta ta and he already brings it out
in a video and obviously it goes
viral when Dallas brings it out But there are
many controversies that come from here
when it's not from Javi it's from Dallas and
then everyone knows about those
controversies but they don't mention where
the controversies come from this happened with
J perirrojo's tfa this happened with a lot
of things that I can tell you that come out from
here but then you see them on other
channels and you see them on the
r in that one the one that
people like the most the
JP rojo scam comes out and and nobody
mentions which channel it's
exclusively it's like
these people don't like us it's like they want us no
ea like no  we exist you know but
our topics and the topics that come out of
here
yes someone has not seen the the exclusives
that I gave on the subject Ricky edy Lali the
interview with tudor eh when ivay gave me
the exclusive on cocu recently
things about the trials also from Dallas and
these things that we have also given here
exclusively everyone sees it and
everyone knows it but they act like they
ignore it because it also
exposes them Okay well they are not
interested in giving us visibility Look what I
tell you is that it bothers me a lot the
fact that it is clearly noticeable that there is
a group of people who will
never be invited to the rewind Okay and And
again and this is something that I want to
clarify eh a lot because I think that
people if not they are going to misinterpret it
because it is very easy one thinks that
when you me or whoever says [ __ ]
What the hell is this or This is wrong or
this the other it is because ah since they are not
invited you complain let's see the point it is very
easy I do not complain that they do not
invite me I do not care  if they invite me or
not what I don't like is that people who
are clearly much more relevant than me
who have 10 million followers or 11
like Dallas or people like
micke crack who has 45 or 46 million are
not relevant in a rewind that is
supposed to and unlike the eslan This
is the rewind of the
Spanish-speaking youtubers who the [ __ ] is
bigger than Mike who the [ __ ] is bigger
than Dallas very few people but spoiler are not there either
Fernan flo is not there
German Garmendia is not there they do not appear either
so who the [ __ ] appear are gref and his
friends which is not a problem But say it, put a
rewind of gref and his friends or a rewind of
Alex molón the company that I want to
promote gref and his friends, I mean,
put it right in the title let's talk properly
what bothers me is the
label if you want to put the
stamp here of I did the rewind or
Dross for example that also does not appear I have not
done the Spanish-speaking rewind Spanish
and a ship like a house If two
Latinos appear and the rest are Spanish, yes
comes out humor pure and hard Spanish humor I've been
amused by many things because they've
done it for me they've done it for
the Spanish but for a Latino I
can understand that they see it as a joke that they do
n't even understand no for example this year let's
see there are those that are missing that
will never call like we can be
Dallas and I and there are the I think that this
year also there are many absences because of people
who have not wanted to collaborate from
last year to this one already been to me the
disappearance of ibai with how good
ibai is that the G Yes but it's very
easy but it's very easy to include ibai it's
very easy to include IB it's very easy to include
Cry it's very easy to include yerima it's very
easy to include these people they have
public content and that you can
use for your for your video just like
if I make a montage you can include it they're not
going to report the video you know So
why don't you include them with a cameo like that
without
more I don't understand they have expressly said I
don't want to appear here and yes and if I appear I'm
going to be upset or how is it that is the
point that maybe we are not taking
into account exactly I think it goes
there  I mean I think there are a lot of
people who haven't wanted to get
involved with the rewind this year, I mean it's been
very noticeable why Juan Guarnizo
and Ari appear Gameplay no, that one I was going to ask you
why Because you tell me to me
well neither of the two appear okay or they
both appear but Juan appears and
then Noed I can throw one at you that's going to
make your tiktok viral but that I find
very funny that I thought about it the other day
Look, this one made me
laugh a lot eh eh In advance I do this
because it's humor okay so you know but it
made me laugh a lot and
that opportunity was wasted digref
you had a golden opportunity to
make a crazy ratio to Juan
Guarnizo which was when Juan Guarnizo
said we don't want to go to Andorra because it's
hell I don't know what I don't know
how many and there are very bad hotels and I don't know
what he should have said but there are very
good beds There should be that But there are
very good
beds I think you have to say something [ __ ] TR to
your wife something clo but but with
that already  It's all understood, I
swear I said, man, how come he doesn't like that? And
besides, there are good hotels,
damn, but it seems
insane to me, a troll, let's see. We
agree, no, they are a troll from Juan.
What is a troll that he doesn't want to
come? Do you think he's going to come,
like in Andorra, luxury hotels? I don't
think he's going to come, eh. Let's see, in
Andorra, there are luxury hotels
in Andorra, the issue of going is the same,
and to Barcelona and to Andorra, I mean,
yes, no, no, coming to Andorra is very easy,
but. And also, he was the first one who
was complaining the other year that, Oh,
Mexico, you don't want to come to Mexico, man,
Andorra is safer, which is
possibly one of the safest countries
in the world than Mexico. So, if I
have to go somewhere, I prefer to go to
a safe place. But, eh, I understand
that you might be lazy, they pay for your
trip, are you going to tell me you're not coming?
That's another thing, eh, what am I telling you? eh, I saw a
God, it's just that people really piss me off that
since they should have
money they get picky eh cristinini goes
live Ah I'm not going to go to the to the
eslan eh cristinini you are in
Madrid surely or somewhere like
this that you catch once Madrid Barcelona
Barcelona you catch an alsa bus and in 3
hours you're in Andorra How come no and he
says I'm not going to go but well if gref
pays for the trip they give me some SP they give me I don't know
what I say of course yes and they suck your
dick but what are we talking about
but relax cristinini but you're not
a Hollywood star you know later
Juan
guariso Look if he tells me Juan
guariso and cristinini are precisely
two of the streamers who would not
miss one of the invitations to something related to
the wheel to get off the wheel I mean not a
chance Juan guariso came to
Spain to record a scene from R
last year of
course I don't know and cristinini
cristinini that cristinini is not going to
appear there to take the
four Instagram photos on the
esland red carpet Yeah man Of course he's
going there  and she paying for it and
driving it like that I'm telling you that you go that I do
n't know But also that you are interested
but Because in addition you are interested
selfishly if you want it is the wheel
if you want it is eh let's say reach people you
want to have showcase exposure
you have to go to those things I mean you are
also no Yes yes if you are Cristinini
you know that you can go to the eslan you know in
plan and that you can be there I don't know if there
will be a red carpet and that I understand that
yes And you know that you can even get to
present it because they are also playing
the card a lot that if you are a woman they
give you more exposure because there are four or
five content creators and since it is
interesting that there is parity and all these
things then they give them greater
ease because that is how it is I mean let me explain
How many girls are there in the rewine or in the
eslan or wherever it is, presenters of I do
n't know what that we know because they are
the ex-girlfriend of the girlfriend of or the friend of
How many are there on their own merit
Ari will present that again for sure I mean I don't
know Well if Ari presents it Juan doesn't come it
will be fun the thing eh there will be
controversy from there then it seems to me
funny that I present it but well you
my honest opinion
gy it's very heavy to watch doesn't know how to
say it's crap Eh it's very heavy to
watch I wanted to remove gey
to the
[Music]
minutes it's very heavy to watch the
references are very local to what
I'm seeing what I
say is Aldo I don't know who this is this
who was Aldo I don't know I don't know who it is but
very based Eh I liked fex eh it's the
definition it's heavy it's it's not
fast No no no it links one scene with the
other quickly with cool music
that you know because music is
important so that time passes
better or worse you know Because you have
music that you like, like you
enjoy it more And then you link this
with the other and when you realize you
get into this you know it's not linked, I mean they
are one sequence after another and they are
long sequences also let's say if I
wanted to do a rewind of
Latin America
eh It wouldn't be mine, I mean I would try to invite I
don't know quakiti, rivers, a creator from
Guatemala, a creator from Peru, everyone and
everyone together would do, like we would make a
group  and we would talk there about how
this and that is done and then we would make
a separate channel to upload that there and
all the profits would be had to
literally finance everything that
is, you know what I mean But that is community you
know, not that someone is behind
things, I mean I know you can
ask yourself and whatever but put it
sio look that look that I don't
really like Sprint eh but plus one
Totally agree Totally
agree no no and here it gets carried away
on Twitter eh Look Alex says cool the
fandom when another Minecraft series doesn't come out
in the rewind sixth year in a row
and he says Spring well yes micke crack
put in a few pesos you put it for a minute
unnecessary the twist well if micke
Craft put in a few pesos you put it for a
minute totally And he says In fact it came out
three years in a row and two in which we didn't
talk about anything but yes unnecessary your
tweet and he answers someone
unnecessary your rewind
baby I wanted to put this is the Dead but I
wanted to put Ari first to see what he
said because here we had the
doubt about Juan no I mean Juan comes out no
others one
[Applause]
national emergency many streamers And there are many very repeated streamers, I mean, I feel like I could give other streamers to leave because a lot, really, I mean, if a Sprint that has a lot of weight in the Latino community is left out and has a lot of weight in the Latino community,
we see that he can't travel But if you on the
green screen, I don't know, I don't know if Cry came out, I have
n't seen anything from Cry yet,
but cay also, don't stain what he had
this year but Roger no
more, I feel like there were very repetitive ones
either and Roger that I hadn't remembered
but Roger has been, I think, a
revelation, he came out in 2 seconds Molly No
way, I mean, many are missing, many that
really have a lot of weight that could have been
given the opportunity for more to come out,
apparently also that also, in
addition, the people who appear, for example,
sh have at least three or four
roles in the rwi, of course, but but you know
why not, why of course for all the
famous people that come, there will be that, let's
squeeze them to the maximum, you have Juan, Dj
Mario Chocas and Gref, you have to
squeeze them as much as you
can, but Dj Mario only appears
in the  like s the football thing well the
initial part and the Kings thing not a
little but shas and gref have several
roles in the rewind But who do you think
they are and I tell you eh to me chocas I
love the content that he makes eh I say this
because I don't want this to be taken badly
or anything but who do you think
has more ego of those who have gone to
record the rewind well possibly
chocas And gref well they will have
insistently asked Give me more minutes
if not I won't come and and the other one has said
well between not having you and having you more
minutes I prefer to have you more minutes you
know I understand that it will have been like that because
I have felt it as a lack of that
other creators wanted to participate of
course it is that it is the point where I want to
get to if this one doesn't come to you, the
other one doesn't come to you, Pepito, so-and-so doesn't come to you
and the two or three that come to you
tell you my conditions it is Jordi W
I want a fight scene of
real men from gref I want to be the
protagonist and chocas I want top scenes well then they are
going to give you that that is how it is
and and it must be said  that the scenes that for
example have done both gref and chocas
although they appear a lot are very well
acted I mean the problem I don't think is that it is that
many appear
but that there has not been anyone who has
agreed to take away minutes from
them because that is what I think has been
saved with tweezers as it could
there was a lot of budget but few people
in the community who truly
wanted to participate in the
rewind definitely a lot of
Spanish memes equally there were many that despite the fact that they
were Spanish memes or things that
came out eh from there also as if they
knew each other Like for example the thing with that
girl at least I did see that tiktok
eh there were more video games I feel that
yes it lacked a little bit more of
video games I would have liked to see more
things For example the og fortnite thing didn't
come out and og fortnite broke it this year
very much the sk toilet thing was a
[ __ ] that it didn't come out more because I
think that it also broke that [ __ ]
internet
eh fortnite Lego too although well the
fortnite Lego thing has a little bit more of an
excuse because the  fortnite Lego came out
just deig see me man one thing
they said it on the chat eh the scene of
me and Juan in the in the program that
of
questions Where was the joke no I did not
understand it I did not get the gak eh what gak
was that Well I did not see it bad Well
you know very white humor very
childish humor but I did not see that bad am to
me the scenes that I liked the most Look I have
put them here separately okay look for
me this one is very
good this one is very
[Music]
good
this one is really cool I liked this one a lot Yeah
[Music]
Yes also here then virus enters which I
find crazy when he starts
punching after getting pricked that he
embeds them 10 Met I find that
scene crazy or it is very good I mean That
seems 10 out of 10 to me those are very good
the only other one that I liked the one that I
liked a lot was also the one with misho
bursting his arm and the one of this
man who does irl that runs over
someone and says but  have you not seen that
this was in green I don't know what I
thought it was very good very good the only thing
that more famous people appeared instead
of so many NPC maybe and the one of
Barbie no I can't put it in its entirety
because the Kiko Rivera part is copyrighted
but the Barbie part is nice
very long very long for my taste I
mean very long because they do too much
Hello I don't know what Hello I don't know how many and
it's like Look here at the image for
example look at the one on the left I
think it was Elisa Elvisa or whatever her
name is this one I think I can't remember then there
's Paula gonu Cristinini then there's
Erola who is the girl on the right who is
Did Ribot's partner this one and then
the others This is Did's girlfriend
This is Didot's partner and
Oh damn I know she makes jokes does it sound familiar to you
because she makes jokes the one who makes the
jokes yesterday I was thinking I say it
sounds familiar I can't remember Who it is and this morning
maybe not this morning this afternoon maybe I
was preparing the live I say damn that sounds
familiar And no and I can't remember Who it is of
course but I don't know that  that girl was
dida ribot's girlfriend Well I don't know if it's
public and I accidentally revealed it
but oh well it doesn't matter the point No we don't
have much maybe I
missed the point is that the rest
of the people who is it
or rather npc1 npc2 npc 3 npc 4 who are they let's
see Ah There you go I'll give you an
exclusive I'll give you an
exclusive see the one singing this
is the one from the Ukraine War that you
know is a meme that guy No I don't know
who it is okay that's a this the music is
playing about the war ending already the
[ __ ] Ukraine War that is a meme that is
one of these guys that maybe well they
are like special and
Juanico banana did an interview with him and Juanico
told me that they had I mean it seems to me
Look How lucky that I can say it
because I wanted to give a voice to this
Juanico gets a call from the rewind and they
say Hi Look we want to
contact you so you can give us the
phone number of the guy who sings this to
put it in the rewind  And of course it
cost Juanico to find that guy's phone number let's
go forum cars contacts a
lot eh you know but a lot and
he says man if you put me in the the ruos I'll
pass it no no no we only want him
no you and it's like okay you come to ask for my
phone number you know and and and you don't even invite me I mean you
could have put Juanico with him
because the interviews that Juanico does have merit
because he goes to people who are very very
hard to reach and and and he says no no we do
n't want you and he says okay And there and I
give him a plus one and it seems brutal to me that I
want people to know the
guy who sings that song said he didn't
want to participate in the rewind if
Juanico wasn't in it and that's why he doesn't appear
because in the end they managed to contact
him they played his song and that's it
they played it anyway but he didn't appear
and he didn't appear Not because they didn't
want to invite him but because they didn't want to
include Juanico and the other one said either
you put him in or you don't Or I'm not going so so you can
see This song is from This song is from the
guy Yes this is a song  what
he did like he's a guy like that who
starts and let the [ __ ] war end already I
don't know what but he's a guy who is
the typical meme of
[Music] the
internet doesn't end the [ __ ]
Ukraine Russia always goes after her doesn't
want to do anything she wants to keep
the
whole country Ah
so what's his name what no no no
what happens is that here I mixed it and
his song turned out well It's like I
recorded myself in the bathroom [ __ ] or rather like I don't know it's
not a
famous song it's a meme I mean it's a it's the
typical viral audio of the guy there
singing typical rap like let
the [ __ ] Ukraine end already the one who
asked me if what I thought about it having come
out ya dos fitness man
yaad fitness I think it has been
relevant I mean things as they are the
bad thing about ya dos fitness and I saw it and I hadn't noticed
it It's just too much
Spanish humor why Because it's making
fun of the mileuristas and in
most countries earning 1000 euros
is earning a lot of money so it's like  it
's 1000 urista 1000 urista and it's offensive
to the rest that I understand the meme eh
But well, I mean, we have to give it that
twist, it has had a lot of prominence this year
and Yes, yes, yes, the c has to come out It had to come out
Yes, yes, it had to come out
but well, yes This yes, maybe
if it's what you say, no, it's
very long, then look here, here,
who's there is that the guys are an Peter,
this one here, the blond one on the
left, yes, he is a famous tiktoker whose
name I don't remember and the one with the
beret on the right is Pablo hes But
the other three are anonymous one, anonymous 2
and anonymous 3, so then of course what I
was telling you about the NPCs, you know why there are so
many because they want to give
visibility to what they are capable of
because in the end, the brand that is going to
hire you, Alex's cool company, doesn't care
if an pitter is famous or if it's
a Random You know because what they are going to
look at is What are they capable of So you can
see that they have done many
action scenes and all this to say  Look
what we are capable of doing Look what we
can do with CGI Look what we do
with special effects because it is
for the portfolio is that it has seemed to me
the biggest, in other words, a potential Trojan horse
to sponsor your company That's right, that's right, that's
right, I would be very disappointed
if there was a 2024 rewind and with the
same Flow if they don't change it I would
let it happen because right now we are at the
level of YouTube that you
complain about, I mean, this video is the way to
sell their product, that is, it is a
portfolio like you said this is the
portfolio for them to hire your company
and I tell you more, I like marketing Alex,
cool, you are the [ __ ] master I'm telling you
seriously I find it incredible How I get away with
people with so much money and
so much impact, this proportion I
mean, it seems brutal to me, I mean, it's a 10, eh,
masterpiece Now, let's face it, let's face it, let's
see what it is, let me explain,
look here there was a tweet that I don't
know if you've seen from Micke Crack who
put in some bars, eh No, no, this is a
tweet  of micke crack that the rewind poster comes out
and says why watch 27
minutes if with the photo I already see everything you
know well the news Yes yes eh
but let's see that refers to the
same ones that appear in the poster appear
during the entire rewind basically and
the takis there very big no but yes yes I mean it's
just as you described it the
guy has slipped it eh the guy has slipped it it's that you
do it it's that wanting it doesn't
work out it's that a company a brand doesn't
do it I mean the guy has slipped it to a
kid he has slipped it to all the
big streamers who are almost all inaccessible
because many times Look, like I
have the other theme of Teresa alceo
many times there are journalists who
talk to me and tell me too How can I
contact ibai How can I contact
auron How can I Forget it or rather, like they
are people who are not accessible
for you to call them for you to interview them
for I don't know what well, well this kid
has slipped it to everyone to collaborate with
him for free not for free putting money and on
top of that a powerful video for  his channel
with which he lines his pockets and an
incredible promo for his company But you know
where it is, you know where the secret is
that the only one who knows all the
pieces of the puzzle is him, the rest see that they
participate in a small scene and they say,
Oh well, something very
cool is being done and they trust, now well, I am
any of those who has put effort into
this and I see what has been done with my
image and that they have not paid me a cache, I will
not return to any rewind I mean, I
crash of you, I would not return to any rewind,
even of gref, I would not return put together your
own if you want, I mean, you want to make
a summary video of the year Do it your
way I mean, it is not, it does not take that much
budget, of course, what is this? This is an
advertisement for Mau that this
company makes, of course, this, the, this has been
achieved by Alex's company, damn,
Pablo G shows Dani the Ah this one too, this one
is very
good, these do are all Yes, yes, check out the
website of
the company's website of the coolest of
the production company, they are all tiktokers and things like
this
[Music]
maclet again
Mao be
Suzuki the  r is part of the
portfolio the r is part of the portfolio
it's true they have r 2022 inside My God, the
portfolio is expensive My mother is that they don't even
hide it eh [ __ ] the streamers
are [ __ ] IV on the cover eh eye
eh eye and IB is not being paid anything
to appear there well he has paid no He has
also paid to be included it is
incredible they are
[ __ ] they are [ __ ] no or very good people
let's try to give them that reading
also maybe there are a lot of
altruistic people and we have missed half
the movie Look Bandai or what
my God look and the other El Rubius The one from 2021
I get into Rubius
and in 2023 I'm going to get into either gref or
chocas Yes yes my mother are good at
working because they do nice things
but of course you
can in the coi team Yes
yes [ __ ] No well ent is coi itself
hiring
on this website four C times but what we
know is that they do not come out the rewind The
question is what has happened from 2022 to
2023 because it will have said you don't know anymore let's
see what happened let's ask ourselves that
question guys San Miguel beer
waxes raver group El r 2020 2020 IV
also here
ideal daxa
arroses This I don't know which one is celera, I mean, they
are uh they are brands that hire them for
productions okay And this is a
portfolio, I mean, go find out Look
commercial, I have the question, I have the
question that I ask myself Look, it's
my thing eh eh You know the
Marvel movies that he passed away now
but previously the one who directed them
always had a
cameo okay eh Why in the rewind Alex
molón doesn't do that thing of having a cameo and
why is he so
prominent That's my question because it's
his channel it's his video Yes but it's not from
the
community No it's not It's that that's
nonsense let's see I think that here and
this happens with many things this happens with
the elan, I mean, the hlan it's the same the
hlan is not from the community no but the
slan is known to be the awards of  gref
the slan are a video, a content, a
video by gref that is very cool, it is
very cool but it is content by gref
but but you know but to me it doesn't bother me,
prizes pay all your balls are
your [ __ ] prizes if I spend a
million on setting up my prizes will be the
delox prizes I mean, don't [ __ ] with me, uni
from his channel what happens is that he
has set it up [ __ ] great in such a way
that it is a video for everyone you know as if it
were a video of everything and the others
putting money in, I mean the first video, the
coolest, also the first, not the first
that has the most repercussion, the coolest
one from
2019, that one costs 7000 which he says in
an interview with a guy that it costs to
make the 7000, the next one suddenly
a collection is made on Twitch
Even as an event in which
Juan Ari participates, I don't know what that one, they
collect, I think it's 15,000 more or less
and apparently according to him he didn't have
enough for the next one, that's what
the  150,000 turkeys I mean, you make the jump,
the jump from one thing to another when you already
have equipment, I mean, I don't understand much about
audio-visuals, but it doesn't cost you the
same. Maybe the first one. No, because in
the first one you already buy cameras, drones, I do
n't know what. The point is that he really does
n't have to pay for the equipment because he already
has his company so he can
amortize his equipment and use it. Let me
explain. There's no extra, plus he should
be cool enough and
say, I'm not going to charge you to rent
my equipment because I'm promoting
my company, so one thing is that on the
other hand, Rick Ed came out at the
time defending him and he put
all the cameras, all the
drones in the budget, of course, and then you buy it in
the first one, in the second, right? Right? And then
on the other hand, it's true that the
first time it was very cheap because he
didn't pay the people who worked with
him well and I understand this because, for
example, the people who work on my
podcast get paid very well, very well, of
course. I could have four Latinos
who are 18 years old and a lot.  talent and
a lot of desire to work with me
working for nothing but of course if you
want to have people with a
decent salary well and well paid for all the
work there is etcetera it is clear that you
need to increase the budget a little to be
able to provide good
conditions because if not they would also be
accused of not paying well not to the
people but from there from 15000 to 150000 that
I have lost or suddenly
inflation has shot up or what do you know
So I think that in the end there is a
cat locked up here for me there is a
forgotten business You know it would have been
nice for me to have taken all the clicks of
them saying about themselves and and the
creators who participate saying that
the brands could not enter the rewind
because if not it would no longer be a pure thing
Well but this is this Let's say that they have already
tried to solve it by putting like the
brands as an enemy in the rewind
you know of ah They are announcing this but
how can it be only I can make a fortune
with this and it's like but if it's you if you
have already put yourself in the credits you have
put yourself in the intro in the intro Look I
tell you  to close the topic because I
want to throw it to Willy and leave eh I
encourage you to put the rewind and put
the first 20 seconds 10 seconds
okay So you can see how it starts just
so you can see the beginning Put the rewind
share screen Put the rewind and Put
the first 10 seconds okay So you can
see what the first thing people see is, you don't
even need to put sound okay you
Here you start who comes out Alex cool I
mean literally someone who is only
relevant once a year when he publishes
the rewind okay then we'll wait we're
waiting for a movie by al Hernandez
okay already put his name okay It's not al
cool it's mine produced by my company dhc
Okay we can stop now let's go to the end Put
the first credits that the balls are going to fall
the first credits eh the
first ones that there are not like 4 minutes
pull back pull back there are
4 minutes of credits okay a little
further back you'll see you'll see the credits
when they come out
eh Hey let's see 5 million likes yeah
always asking for a crazy amount of likes and
everything yes yes yes  let it be known that
this is so much dislike Hey okay
first directed by Alex Hernandez in
case you forgot okay if you haven't
seen it at the beginning I'll remind you at the
end I'll leave it for 10 seconds eh alright
calm down Wait you don't know which
company is behind this
so you hire me Wait I'm
going to remind you eh here it comes here comes
a production of my company and Wait you do
n't remember my name Because I've
told you twice I've been out all
the time Ah wait I'll
remind you again the script is also mine eh but
I stand behind Óscar Parra so he does
n't feel offended friend what is this you
know like what is this is I mean I
saw that and I say What is this joke friend I
mean eh that it says that it says
the cool rewind
2023 or What the [ __ ] or something
that I've done almost every year because
people say no eh Look at this this
this is the one that I
liked the most okay This cost
7000 okay  7000 delox we are talking about a
video of 25 million with 15 minutes here
if they are not 20
throwing at the low of monetization and has not
earned
20,000 is that He has deactivated the
monetization no let's see I do not know I do not know if I
say 200,000 but minimum minimum minimum
he has earned 500 for every million and with
that he already recovers 12,500, that is to say 12,500 he
has surely taken them out throwing at the very low
that is sure December 25 million and that one
has a lot of retention because
people r plug it tip but
apart from that he raises the making off that
has almost 4 million okay Yes the
following year it already cost him
15 it already cost him 15,000 euros it is worth 26
million the video already lasts almost 20
minutes But he raises it Also apart from another one
of 4 and a half million with the
false takes and he raises another one of 40 minutes
also with the false takes and he raises
another one of almost 1  million and a half with
more mof and more making off okay or so
and here he hasn't recovered the 15,000 here
here he has tripped them here they say that he
puts several songs with copy but don't you
think he talks to the sab's he doesn't
talk to them and asks their permission
because in the end he gives them a
brutal promotion I say eh I don't know you know the copy jumps on me I
fix it It's not that no I don't know no I don't know I
think that they should already have
enough contacts for that For
example the Kiko Rivera one I don't think he
put copy on them he must have given them
permission of course or the one from plex too
you know open it's that if it's not 25 million
visits that laes wins Chayan
wins it Chayan with ha he has to be a bullfighter man
no of course I don't think okay And well This every
year or so only in visits that
yes it is true that they have been going down
as the years have gone by they have been
going down but only in visits and
in the making off and already in the last one I
put in a few brands eh I mean he has
earned a fortune
constantly saying that he didn't earn money and that  it
was necessary, I mean, every year that
passes the rewind needs more money it
costs them more But also an outrageous thing,
like from costing 7000 to costing 15 and from
costing 15 to costing 150 and from costing
it's really funny what
Prisila says here proud to be Ah no
proud to be one Ah okay of course
proud to be one of those 200,000
dislikes it made me laugh let's
see For example, I have
n't given it a dislike but I haven't
given it a like either eh simply for something very
basic And the thing is that I think you can't
give a dislike to a video that has so much
work behind it I think it's not
correct but it's there but it's clear that they don't
earn the like either because they haven't
done the merits for you to
consider that a rewind in conditions for
me it's to see it and say I put it there I put it there I did
n't expect anything eh from the rewine and
even so It has managed to disappoint me I
expected that at least what they put
was good but it's the time that
more NPCs  there I think that half the
time it's people who are nobody in the
rewind before at least they put you in for every
second it was that what they complained
to you priest we recorded 12 hours I came
out for a second and also I am not even
recognized because I am in in this war
like Game of Thrones or
Vikings or whatever with my face
painted But at least you came out And you said That's
me it's that there are people there who
are nobody who come out and I say for that they put in
a bunch of second-rate youtubers or streamers
who will be very excited and who will hype
you up and I don't know what before the
makeup artist's friend you know it's like that you
know why they do it like that and they don't
invite the
second-rate youtuber so they don't pay for
transportation so they don't pay for accommodation to
save costs it's cheaper to
invite the friend who comes for free I mean it's
supposedly this rewind has cost
a lot more than the previous ones with the
1d that it has it's that it costs money eh I
mean the work behind it
is titanic but it's cgi of this
type of things  special effects yes I
believe that there is a very large team yes
I believe that they have spent money so much
as to spend I don't know half a
million half a million they must have spent
300,000 on I don't know on the
company dinner What do you want me to tell you, like
eh to greb do you remember the
10 million video the special 10 million that
was that video that fortnite yes yes it was
crazy that 4000 well he said it cheap
eh cheap I also tell you eh but yes it
seems to me that for what he got it is
cheap because it is a very good video I'm
going to tell you not to go on too long
eh I have some time eh I'm going to come back
when I get back to sponsor the topic
This one I will go with more time today is that you
catch me that I am going very badly because
tomorrow I have to leave early and I am
half from Empalme that's why I want to
get some hours of sleep Willy topic
oh well let's see what you want to ask so
that I don't let you ask any questions if you
want that I of course I would ask you
but of course I don't want to be in a
hurry because I want  that when
the taser is released my reaction will be completely
Virgin, really, I want it to be an
honest reaction like we've talked about
then I want to know, I want to say a lot of
things, I mean, I want to know if Willy has been
conciliatory with
Gref,
no no no
eh And let's see, well, let's see, do you
think? Knowing how
this gossip world works? Do you think the podcast,
because for example the
Dallas podcast, separately, separately, the
first one from Dallas, that's when I
met you, yes, eh, it was the week of the
gossip channels, it was that podcast, the
nimmu one, the week of the gossip channels, it
was the nimu podcast and then the
debate was the other week? Do you think that
Willy's podcast is going to have that
result, in other words, it's going to be the week of
the gossip channels? Yes, obviously. Yes, yes, yes,
very obvious, I mean, it's fabric at a level, at a level,
at a level, like when the Willy and
Greev thread with which I continue, I would see it even as
a part two. It's more not more beastly, no, I would
n't say that it's more beastly as to
why not  let's say I don't want people to
think that Will is going to come there and
say greev this made me good in
truth he tells things but it's not as
crazy maybe as the next one but it
gives a part two to the next episode
brutal You know what happens eh it's going to be
very it's going to be I'm telling you that
people are going to freak out because what people do
n't know is that Willy it's true
that he is very cautious but Willy is a
very good friend of mine you know So what happens
This is the podcast in which I talk the most
of all the ones I've done the one about Willy
But because it's like I forget that
we're doing a podcast Willy
also forgets and we get
really excited so we start with the teasing
so you see a lot of teasing and the
teasing keeps bringing things up and in the end Well
Willy lets his
tongue slip Remember that in that thread
Willy said that Grel's license was taken away
for a few months and he's
driving around with a
driver he told several things  so strong no
then he tells things also
strong let's say that the topic is recovered
okay I'll start him strong Look I
can tell you that there is no
courtesy question and I go straight to
the three big controversies stacks gref and
nfts that is the beginning of the podcast pam pam pam
three at once okay No need to
ask minute it is pam pam pam okay
then obviously there is also an
entrepreneurship part there is a
YouTube part there is a part of everything I mean
because in the end Willy has much more
than controversies but then also It's
true that in the gref part
things happen okay And when you see the teaser
you will understand What things happen things happen
things happen
Eh then I think I tell you this
way I think that nobody is capable of I mean I
think that when people see it they will say
what the [ __ ] I just saw you know it's a
bit Flow the sensation that micke
crack gave but I think with more
intensity because miike crack you watch the
podcast And you say what the [ __ ] is this I mean
why is this guy so based
but Mike really doesn't say anything like
super serious if you  you realize he says things that
everyone thinks but
no one with those kinds of numbers has the
balls to say Willy does say some
things that not everyone
knows Yeah, let me explain, give some
exclusives then I think it's
going to give some Maybe not many
excerpts but very powerful excerpts, you
know, I mean, it's not like the one in
Dallas where it's headline after headline after
headline but it also doesn't say anything that isn't
already known or you
know it was very funny because it's very
funny to see him live saying those
things no but but [ __ ] it was already known if
you who were informed probably didn't
reveal anything new or very few
new things, you know, not to me. Of course, it's complicated for me
but the thing is that Willy, no matter how informed you are, does
reveal new things, he says
with great detail what
happened with stacks, he says in great detail
what happened with gref, he explains
why possibly everyone
dislikes gref or so many people dislike
gref and well, say Cos that no, that they are not
on camera, not about the streamers and he talks
about gref's relationship with other
streamers on the dole  yes for example like
what we have commented here Today no what I
have said is that I have lived it, I mean and
I know that people have a certain
confidence in me and they know that I am not
going to make it up, a lot of people have called me some
of the greats but when I say
of the greats of course people think that
maybe I am talking about No no Let's
see Look, I'll tell you one thing and with this I'm
leaving, I think that after this
podcast comes out, gref is going to write to me on
WhatsApp to come to the
podcast,
of course to respond, he already has my
WhatsApp SAP that I have spoken with gref, I have
already written to him, I invited him, there is the
invitation, he played dumb, he told me that
I think he is going to get back in touch with me, he is
going to write to me and he is going to say when we
record after this podcast, they wrote to me when I
said the other day the
comment, several people wrote to me to
ask me What is it that
Willy says and I said really no
Who has asked you who has
come to you with fear several several several no
fear cotio cotio because it has nothing to do with the
greats I tell you I tell you that there is
a very bomb question there is a
question  very bomb that I
do this this if I
spoil it for you this I spoil it for you go it's not that it's not that
super mega hyper top So it's
very good I'm not going to tell you his answer
but I'll throw the question to you I ask him if
because you know that aur a play and Vegeta
both of Vegeta I didn't know that much
but Willy says it have they said or the idea
was that when their
contracts were over they would destroy the elite Vegeta
even said it okay
juron is the one who knows the most Eh what's happening
with Vegeta a priori he's not going to
do it anymore it seems not because
the contract has already ended and everything and Auron is not going to do it
there he has told me that yes I have
spoken with Auron in person and Auron
has told me that he is going to come to do it on the
channel, that is to say There it is okay There
is still that debate, that debate with
Dallas I spoke with
Dallas, things can come what happens
Yes but eh things are complicated it
depends on Auron eh it depends on
Auron I also spoke with Bin and Bin comes
with a lot of desire  uh also but it's
typical they've marked a bit of a
guy that yes but well and the
question is I told him Do you really think that
if Auron Vegeta or one
of the greats spoke they could finish
careers man the answer Yes of course the
answer well Willy's answer will
surprise you Yes his answer seemed crazy to me
The answer is Yes let's see it
depends on who but man of course
obviously Yes there are some who have already
finished their careers Then I would
n't enter it's not worth it
Maybe to enter but well Hey then
eh So you can go on the 27th we'll see no no
no the 27th Look I'll give you a preview the 27th
should be there if all goes well
broadcasting live because on the 27th at
night I have a company dinner which is
also going to be my birthday
and I hope to be calm watching how it is
broadcast And there are many viewers on the 26th I would
like to be able to be here with you on the 26th at
night and be able to give you the teaser
exclusively and that teaser I tell you uh
is that it is the ending it has already it is the
ending it has okay okay And I'll tell you one
thing the end we'll see each other at
night or rather we'll
see each other the other one is Christmas Well the other one we'll
see you I'll tell you one thing the teaser
is not like the one with Micke Crack that if I ask him
a question there could be an edit
like what I told him about You think
Willy Rex and I don't know what has surpassed them and he
says completely and that one
is completely fake it's taken out of context in
Willy's Thatcher there are no things taken out of
context what you see is what there is
Okay and there's a question that is asked that
is a [ __ ] bomb that is going to be a trending
topic on Twitter 100% and you're going to be in the
teaser we're going to have to put Hey we're
going to have to put a
watermark or something
because the other time the image of Dallas
with n here in that exclusive that
we did
that night was stolen from us But there were
guys who cut me out eh they
cut us out of the do you remember you
saw that no I don't know I know I know
we here reacting here
reacting and we put and there were people who
cut us out the guys it's like guys  do
n't cut us off, we're giving
the exclusive, damn it. Look at the sts who
ask that the reason was never known, will
the reason be known as to why they
stopped talking to each other for years and how they
reconciled, will both things be known,
many doubts will be resolved? Eh,
many doubts, I made a video with
Stack and Willy's Story Time but
right now I don't remember well the
exact reasons, I mean, I don't know if I'll tell it? I do
n't know if it has been known well, it's not
the first time that it's known, it's the first
time it's given
exclusively, I can guarantee you that the
answer he gives is the real one because it's the one he
told me in confidence
off camera, I mean, it's the
real answer. So I think it's a bomb, I mean, I
think it's going to be a bomb, let's see
what Stacks does, I can
generate hype for you, I think that people When they
see it they'll say, well, it's not that bad
for me, the Hiroshima bomb is Gref, the
Gref thing. I think it's the most Let's thing, I
got out of there, I got out of there, I'll tell you
eh And I say, Willy  you gave me the
podcast of the year, I mean, I'm going to finish the
year with the podcast of the year, I mean,
when you told me the other day I said
that's the topic, that's the topic of the entire
week of the gossip channels you you
think that when Mike's came out I did
n't write to you I told you Well I wrote to you and I
said there are some that will give you
some excerpt but I didn't give you the teaser
or anything because I said I didn't see it either, I was
that salty no no well it was very good let's
see it's very good it's as if I had gone I
would have given you a few
factors and such The thing is that of course it
's not the same to hear it from a
criticism channel of a
gossip channel where people are already the apy to
listen to me no to you than to hear it from a guy
who says you're a [ __ ] but with the numbers
that he has [ __ ] a guy so big not a
guy who is the biggest who is
bigger than Rubio and he's telling you this
about all these people you know that no that you don't
listen to it from the others Although they
think it because the others want to get
inside the wheel well there's a guy
who does what  the others should do
the classy things and he's not eating ass
because he doesn't need to say it before I
leave and with this I'm leaving Yes or yes I've
seen it before and no I haven't taken it out
because it wasn't the time now I think they do
ask around here how
the complaints that I made are going both are already
made and both are received
both have received them now they
act crazy you already have both Turbo
plan and the Herlen or the RX whatever it's
called both have the complaint filed
and received the other day the other day they
sent me a c the other day they
sent me a
turboplane cli Let's see when it arrived that you
were a well turban
turboplus parents and you know it friend but they
are also telling you that
maybe they have to move it from one place to
another and you have to get a car to
go to court So he's still going to spend
more money on transportation it has arrived in
both it has arrived in both he keeps
calling you scammer in the
videos arrived turb
turboplane apologizes delete delete
the videos and everything look I'm telling you laser
yes  he deletes the videos, apologizes to me and
everything and makes a video of this, I even remove the
complaint. I mean, I don't care, but I'm
not going to take it off Turbo, Turbo is
going to pay me the money and I don't want
the money just so he learns not to
tell lies about others because that
guy is getting too high,
lying deliberately, he doesn't care and no, no,
no. I mean, you've messed with a
person who, no, it's not going to go like that because
man, obviously I don't like being
called a scammer to my face, like,
what is this, but is it you? You believe, like, I
swear I would pay what he's going to have to
pay me just to
sit in court and see the face he's
going to make when they tell him
turboplane accuses delox. Well, Ruger
Pérez, which is my name, is the
biggest scammer in all of Spain. I don't know, there's
any proof about it, yeah. I
want to see that moment. I mean, I want it with
popcorn, I'll go to court with popcorn, you
know, let's see. I imagine it's not
necessary either, I guessed but they won't be the
only ones  lawsuits that they two are going to have
eh I mean they've already reached me What
happens is that it costs they have done so much Yes I know I
know another I know another lawsuit that is going
to fall on Turboplane who is it going to
fall on no and on the other and on the other but what
happens is that they are taking because it is so much so much so much so
many hours of
live content and and such that
collecting is impressive and you have to
have desire and you have to pay the
lawyer well to collect but it is collecting
collecting the best thing is that they two
laugh at the Turbo no but the other laughs
at the lawsuits of the others and it's like
But if for the moment you lose the lawsuit you
have with Delo you lose it and
and and and the one they are going to put on you, you don't
have that one nor nor it's that I would like to
see them in the game you know how Shut up
don't laugh at the things that happen to the
neighbor because it is worse for you and
much worse And you don't and besides you say
maybe from Laser Len Well he doesn't see it yes he does
n't see it I'm not going to tell you anything
but he has a  Handsome Brown a
handsome Brown with let's see I'll tell you eh I
imagine that if they've had it out for me that
I'm literally someone anonymous to
them because the only thing they know about me is
that I interviewed Dallas and they hate Dallas
period I don't want to imagine the amount of
nonsense they must say to people they
really don't like, I mean deir they
must get into a mess remember I
think they don't remember it's crazy
eh they've sent me some things not from
the compilations they're making and
stuff and I think that they're things that they
've said and then they don't remember
having said it and well if it's
profitable for them I don't know the truth eh I don't
think so I mean no I don't think I don't think that later it
was funny to me because you say you know the
other day turboplane said that it hadn't
arrived and I was like that I say if
I myself am aware that
we share lawyers when when
something is notified they send you a notice
that it has already been
notified no no and that and that I told him
that he has permission to  tell
you that you spread it to me it doesn't matter if
you say that it has already arrived or not. I
mean no, there is no problem, I
mean the point is that I prefer to
talk about these issues as little as possible
because I don't want to give it repercussions, let me
explain, I mean, as of today, obviously not, not to
give them tools so that they can
say it there later, but it doesn't matter,
look what I don't understand, there are a lot of people who
think and this is something that I have
also realized. I recently didn't,
eh. There are a lot of people who think that just
because someone else mentions you or someone
else has messed with you one day, you already
have the right to say everything to them for
25 years and that's how
proportionality exists, it exists, you know, maybe
I fight with you, you mess with me
and I respond to you on the same day, you
son of a [ __ ], and I respond to you on the same day,
but since for a
long time you continue without lowering your level, you'll eat it
anyway. You know, you'll see
that they are civil lawsuits, it's not like you're
going to have a criminal record or
nothing that is like compensation for the
damage done to the image of another, you know,
but if you can avoid it and do
things right, no. But well, that's it,
everyone can do what they want, it's not
my thing, in the end, in this, in these two
specific cases, I simply inform
because I have the exclusive, you know, and
without more, but it's like apart from that, they are
putting click that later they will age
very badly because they laugh at it, there is one of
them who laughs at the demands of the
others, the other saying that it has not
reached him that you are the biggest scammer, he
says it again, you know, Well, I mean, look at
me, you know what happens to me if every time they
make this easier for me, I don't
care, you think that to me, being
defamed once or 10 times on that channel
does me, quote unquote, the same damage, you know,
because you have already said it, you have already
defamed me. So the only thing he is going to
do is play against him because
I have instead of one proof 10 then
cl, no, he is not yet in the
preliminary hearing that they have not yet been from
any of them, I think that the one from ler already has a
preliminary hearing date, if not me  I'm wrong
but there are still more videos that have been
made, no, I have a
really nice Drive there, for me. The only thing that
bothers me is that it's not so much what we have to
show, what you were saying, there's
so much stuff and in my case it's very little, so to speak, that you have to
do a
lot of work to present it and the only thing
that worries me is that videos might get lost
or that they might not arrive well or whatever, but
a priori everything has to arrive well, nothing,
yours is nothing, no, no, compared
to others. I can already imagine, there are people that I have
n't reported every day, but
because I have 3,300,000 videos, there are others
that also come in full force and I say,
look, you know what, what laziness, I mean, it's
typical when a project dies
of success, then a complaint that doesn't
start with because because of laziness Because
so much content, as you say, is already there.
Look, let them go about their business, but
anyway, I'm leaving because I've given you 11
extra minutes, I won't charge you. Don't worry, invite me over at
the house and we'll see each other on the 26th. But anyway,
there you have it, the 26th  I'll come with time okay
my idea is I'll finish the food and I'll come and
then I'll have plenty of time on the 26th
So there we have the teaser on the 26th
No hopefully My idea is yes my idea is
yes because there since I have time I would
like to be able to come and and be there I'm going to
pressure the team to have it to see
how it is or rather on the 26th we have a
beastly live show I would like to think so I would
like to think so eye I mean if
the teaser is there it's going to be you're going to get
really horny Well you think that when
I tell you that you get horny because
you get horny I won't fail there if I
tell you that something bomb is coming it's bomb it's
bomb very bomb man I already with what I
knew yesterday that you told me yesterday already well
with what you said Here I'm telling you
that it's going to be powerful it's going to be
powerful it's very bomb I'm telling you
myself that I know Willy in confidence
I was surprised You're crazy to
give a clip to people right I'm really
horny I mean me I am  think that
I've already seen the podcast because the
podcast is already edited that you saw the
other day you were saying that you didn't know what
came before, the podcast edit comes first
and then from there the teaser is made,
I've already seen the podcast clearly
editing the podcast is very fast what it
costs is the teaser the teaser can
normally take us a week because the
teaser is a minute 2 minutes whatever
but it's hours and hours and hours and it's
crazy And then think that it takes us a long time
to render the content because they are
4k recorded with film cameras so of
course a lot are each each podcast
Maybe there is a terabyte of raw material Yeah
to give you an idea there's a lot
but oh well You're going to get two horny now
this is no longer called kids What is
this called Now salseria no no the
kids are the people and the salseria is
the new the new name that I have
given it because I have left the
main channel there until I feel like it
or it
occurs to me to record
Hardcore style videos again like
edited and recorded reviews and just like now  I'm
not doing them HM because
we're focused here on tes salseo
because as I'm going to be more focused on
this channel I don't know I wanted to get rid of the
canijo from the nickname of the name I don't know if it
was a good or bad idea we'll see
with time I always
liked it I liked What happens is that I
think that everything will be the people who
know you now like the salsería you know they're
going to like the salsería how you call yourself
Javi the canijo they will say What is this [ __ ]
so it all depends is that Javel
canijo is my nickname for my whole life as a
kid And then I wanted to get rid of it since the
mercan didn't suit me anymore son So
I I vote to put Javi Javi the
crab and a picture of a crab For
me it would be the top for me the thing was that
in telesalseo everyone knows that I am
Javi Oliveira and they call me Javi Oliveira
okay In fact on my Twitter and my
Instagram well not my name but what
is my channel Okay well telesalseo has
the name of the program and the Channel and
now then I'm there And now then I didn't
want it to be here  However, not a
name of mine but rather a name from
the program, let's say, not from what
the channel is. And then the salsería also
entered the lores and it's fine,
but well, in the end, for the moment, I haven't
noticed any rise or fall, so for the
moment, what it has been is that it's the same,
let's go, so I'm not happy. Well, nothing, I hope it
goes well, and let's see if we see each other on the 26th, okay, on
the 26th we'll see each other with the bomb,
family, get a seat, a hug, have a
good time, a hug to
everyone.